feat: add blob/get (#126)
w3s-project/specs: w3-blob.md

Receipt MUST not have any effects.

## Get Blob

Authorized agent MAY invoke `/space/content/get/blob` capability on the [space] subject (`sub` field) to get Blobs added to it at the time of invocation.

> This may be used to check for inclusion, or to get the `size` property for a shard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may be used to check for inclusion, or to get the `size` of the blob in bytes.
```

### Get Blob Invocation Example

Shown Invocation example illustrates Alice getting a blob stored on their space.

> 
> ```js
> {

Reviewer: `// "/": "bafy..` is the CID of the object that is the invocation, it is referenced in the receipt. We use these comments so that the receipt (further down) can reference the invocation.

```suggestion

> ℹ️ We use `// "/": "bafy..` comments to denote CID of the parent object.

```js
{ // "/": "bafy..get"
```

  "cmd": "/space/content/get/blob",
  "sub": "did:key:zAlice",
  "iss": "did:key:zAlice",
  "aud": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "args": {
    // multihash of the blob as byte array
    "digest": { "/": { "bytes": "mEi...sfKg" } },
  }
}
```

### Get Blob Receipt Example

Shows an example receipt for the above `/space/content/get/blob` capability invocation.

> > ℹ️ We use `// "/": "bafy..` comments to denote CID of the parent object.
> 
> ```js
> { // "/": "bafy..get",

Reviewer: No need for this in the receipt as there is nothing that refers to it later.

```suggestion

```js
{
```

  "iss": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "aud": "did:key:zAlice",
  "cmd": "/ucan/assert/result"
  "sub": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "args": {
    // refers to the invocation from the example
    "ran": { "/": "bafy..get" },
    "out": {
      "ok": {
        "blob": {
          "size": 100,
          "content": { "/": { "bytes": "mEi...sfKg" } },
        }
      }
    },

>     // set of tasks to be scheduled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    "next": []
  }
}
```

### Get Blob Capability

#### Get Blob Capability Schema

```ts
type GetBlob = {
  cmd: "/space/content/get/blob"
  sub: SpaceDID
  args: {
    digest: Multihash
  }
}

type Multihash = bytes
type SpaceDID = string
```

##### Get Digest

The `args.digest` field MUST be a [multihash] digest of the blob payload bytes. Implementation SHOULD support SHA2-256 algorithm. Implementation MAY in addition support other hashing algorithms.

### Get Blob Receipt

#### Get Blob Receipt Schema

```ts
type GetBlobReceipt = {
  out: Result<GetBlobOk, GetBlobError>
  next: []
}

type GetBlobOk = {

>   blob: blob

Reviewer 2: I saw in the implementation you add the `cause` here. And I actually think that is nice, so also should be in the spec response

Author: makes perfect sense! adding it

>   blob: blob

Reviewer: There's no type defined for `blob` as far as i can see...

```suggestion
  blob: Blob
```

}

type ISO8601Date = string

type GetBlobError = {
  message: string

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}

type Blob = { /* ??? */ }
```

```

##### Get Blob Effects

> Receipt MUST not have any effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receipt MUST NOT have any effects.
```

Receipt MUST not have any effects.

## Get Blob

Authorized agent MAY invoke `/space/content/get/blob` capability on the [space] subject (`sub` field) to get Blobs added to it at the time of invocation.

This may be used to check for inclusion, or to get the `size` and `origin` properties for a shard.

### Get Blob Invocation Example

Shown Invocation example illustrates Alice getting a blob stored on their space.

```js
{
  "cmd": "/space/content/get/blob",
  "sub": "did:key:zAlice",
  "iss": "did:key:zAlice",
  "aud": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "args": {
    // multihash of the blob as byte array
    "digest": { "/": { "bytes": "mEi...sfKg" } },
  }
}
```

### Get Blob Receipt Example

Shows an example receipt for the above `/space/content/get/blob` capability invocation.

> ℹ️ We use `// "/": "bafy..` comments to denote CID of the parent object.

```js
{ // "/": "bafy..get",
  "iss": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "aud": "did:key:zAlice",
  "cmd": "/ucan/assert/result"
  "sub": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "args": {
    // refers to the invocation from the example
    "ran": { "/": "bafy..get" },
    "out": {
      "ok": {

>         "insertedAt": "2024-04-16T15:49:22.638Z",

Author: I kept this around for consistency. Do we actually care about this field? 🤔

```js
{
  "iss": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "aud": "did:key:zAlice",
  "cmd": "/ucan/assert/result"
  "sub": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "args": {
    // refers to the invocation from the example
    "ran": { "/": "bafy..get" },
    "out": {
      "ok": {
        // task that caused this invocation
        "cause": { "/": "bafy..task" }
        "blob": {
          "size": 100,
          "content": { "/": { "bytes": "mEi...sfKg" } },
        }
      }
    },
    "next": []
  }
}
```

### Get Blob Capability

#### Get Blob Capability Schema

```ts
type GetBlob = {
  cmd: "/space/content/get/blob/0/1"
  sub: SpaceDID
  args: {
    digest: Multihash
  }
}

type Multihash = bytes
type SpaceDID = string
```

##### Get Digest

The `args.digest` field MUST be a [multihash] digest of the blob payload bytes. Implementation SHOULD support SHA2-256 algorithm. Implementation MAY in addition support other hashing algorithms.

### Get Blob Receipt

#### Get Blob Receipt Schema

```ts
type GetBlobReceipt = {
  out: Result<GetBlobOk, GetBlobError>
  next: []
}

type GetBlobOk = {
  cause:  Link<Task>
  blob: Blob
}

type ISO8601Date = string

type GetBlobError = {
  message: string
}

> type Blob = { /* ??? */ }

Reviewer: I think you need to fill this out - it's multihash and size right?

Author: good point. completely missed it

Author: @alanshaw addressed
